# Update 1/25

## Progress
I decided to deviate from my proposal and instead present a narrative about the kinds
of sounds I personally heard myself after coming home from school (turning on the TV,
opening the fridge, getting a start on homework, etc.). In this current version,
I have the first "step" of my project drafted. In this segment, our character comes
in the door from the rain, kicks off their shoes, and walks over to the fridge.

The first 30 seconds or so is very important to my project because it provides
a sense of grounded place. If I am unable to communicate where the character is at 
this moment, I worry I will not be able to convince my listener of much else as I start
to layer in more complex sounds. For that reason, I decided to add a stormy background
to my audio. By having the rain begin loud, but quickly grow quiet once we've shut the door,
the listener should be able to infer we've just left the outdoors and entered the indoors. I also
think it paints the tone of the scene as more dark, quiet, gloomy, and lonely, which I also
want to achieve.

The next sounds I included are also intended to reinforce a sense of "homeliness", which is our character
throwing down their shoes and then walking barefoot. This is something a person would do only if they were
home, I think. The shoes sound like they are dropped or tossed, rather than placed down, which suggests
our character is in a bad mood, or maybe leads us to believe they are younger and therefore a little more messy than most.

The sounds I've used so far are sourced from online, although I'm sure recording sounds
myself will be helpful soon to get ahold of more specific sounds.

## Goals for next time

- Figure out how to edit sounds so they appear to orignate from *behind* our point-of-view
- Implement the next few "segments" from `script.md`
- Record more complex sounds that are not as readily available online